Prompting marriage with me?
No, Chen Hao, what do you mean?
If you want to break off the marriage, we will refund to you later.
It's up to you to return, why can't I return it?
Because you are a poor boy with nothing
It's not worthy of Wanwan at all
Yes, for you.
You are the high-ranking eldest lady
I, Chen Hao, am a toad
Not worthy of you white swans
But I tell you, no matter how poor I am
My pride and dignity
It's not something you can trample on at will
Chen Hao, I'm sorry.
I was really abrupt yesterday.
But
I don't agree to divorce
Why? I just don't agree.
But I think it's enough to return.
Chen Hao, are you a fool?
Can't you see?
Why don't you often accept divorce?
If you were a man
This marriage should be returned by our woman
Chen Hao, will you come to see me again?
Yes.
What!